Program Description:
The Markov Language Model is a decision model that looks at the current
state and the moving state and compares the chances of staying or moving.
The program trains the text by running through it and organizes itself
in a way that stores small numbers (degrees) of words as a key that is 
connected to a value of incremented and counted words with Hashmaps. 
That way, the program is able to generate a predicted next word after 
starting a few words when the program is asked to generate a number of 
words that resemble the text file chosen at hand that is run through.

Short Response:
1. A Hashmap is an implementation of Java's map interface where you can
have an unordered collection of elements and is not thread-safe (you
ned to synchronize concurrent modifications when you make changes to the
Hashmap). It is a very efficient way to store elements, especailly
when you can have different types of keys and different types of values,
providing a lot more flexibility for programmers.

2. A Hashmap is different from an ArrayList because an ArrayList's similar
to a Hashmap's key, but an ArrayList is not as flexible because it only offers
indexes to reference to values in their ArrayList. With a Hashmap, however,
a key for a programmer can be more than just an integer. It can be an 
ArrayList of Strings, and have the value be a WordCountContainer like in our
programming assignment.

3. A limitation for the Markov Model is the inability to make more sound
choices when ending a generated text. For example even with the words approach
and not the character approach, the generated text would most of the time
end in a bad way without punctuation or awkwardly end with an uncommon last
word because it did not even meet the lowest standards of making somewhat
sense. If there was someway to handle endings and beginnings of generated
text better, I think it would make the Markov Model more enticing for 
programmers.

4. This is because even though we write and run through our given texts 
really thoroughly, our programs are still generated by a computer through
optimization of frequent words that follow certain phrases. The difference
between a computer program in our language model compared to a human making
their own choices in terms of writing out semantic content is still going
to be vastly obvious. However, for what the Markov Model is, I think it 
it lays a pretty solid basis that is fundamental for people to know.

5. No you would not pick a high degree for the word model. This is because
that would establish a greater scope and not hone in on the smaller scope
of details. When your degree is smaller, you are able to record and be more
detailed with the changes and behavior of the text and store more keys and
therefore more values into your Hashmap. With more values, you are able
to have more data to randomly use chance and probability on than if you
had a bigger degree but way smaller amounts of keys and values.

5. 

